and very average even though I
I was thinking why it's only in the off
road that it stands out an asphalt that
also surprising is that the new grand
cherokee who is benefiting from
development during the
when he was behind the
command of german mercedes benz
incorporated the European philosophy
of sports utility vehicles, ie
vehicles that are more day-to-day
and is successful in the United States and
rest of the world material
quality and well done shot
make it look like the car taken and
it 's not an exaggeration
brushed steel wood appliqués
Rubberized plastic and
leather plus all the treats that a
Such a car demands how to give from
opening the door with the key in the pocket gives a
feeling of being in a luxurious sedan like
gained nearly 14 inches in the distance
between them and the previous model
the internal space is good for five
adults but the trunk should be a
little bigger for a car with a proposal
family with independent suspension in the
four wheels
grand cherokee has nothing more to do
with those old boats north
American
this allied suspension structure
monoblock allows it to rotate firmly
those released in the old models and
with comfort even on uneven floors
that is to say good to those who drive and with
curves very well and it's something tight has
electronic controls for stability and
traction and better for those who
passenger and no longer feels the
to be navigating on the most
clean and smooth on the 2011 model and
they look more beautiful and keep the grid
with seven openings that identifies the dn
people complete this dynasty that is
fourth generation the bravery of the new engine
286 horsepower pentastar v6
sufficient to move more than two
tons on the grand cherokee with
so much that it makes 0 to 100 in
9.8 seconds and can reach 195
kilometers per hour
everything is orchestrated by an exchange
automatic five-speed and the
rite still in sequential exchanges
selector lever that the subject by
theft
he has everything he needs for you not
get in trouble
begins with the system four by four
called quadra trac 2 and maintains traction
integral on four wheels
permanently an ideal solution for
slippery floor like snow
that walking car is always on hand in the
the electronic control unit of the
transmission to school or off road
alone the sport mode for a pleasure
higher when driving or even in modules
specific sand with mud rocks and snow
to complete it has automatic control
lowering ring 1 at the end of the
cuticle
here in Brazil you can buy the grand
cherokee in two versions that have
only differences in treatment at laredo
which costs 154 thousand 97 reais and put it there
174,900 Reais or other information
then go to www.bourbon.com.br batv